A shipping container, sometimes called an intermodal container, is a large, rectangular steel box that is used in the cargo transport industry. The term "intermodal" refers to the fact that the shipping containers can be moved from one type of transport to another: they can be moved by ship, rail, truck, or plane.

A car shipping container is specially designed to keep the vehicle secured during the transport process; Because car shipping containers can be moved from one mode of transport to another over the course of a long trip, it's essential that the vehicle be firmly held in place and protected during shipping.
If you are on a  budget here are some low cost cars or cheap cars:
	 The 2010 Ford Focus
	 2009 Scion tC
     2009 Pontiac Vibe
	 2009 Toyota Scion xD
	 2010 Kia Forte
	 2009 Mercury Milan
Container car shipping is most frequently used for international and overseas auto transport; When overland shipping isn't an option, transport by boat is really the only logical choice, unless you plan on spending a significant amount on air freight
 Part of the reason that container shipping is a popular choice for international auto transport is that you can also ship personal belongings along with your vehicle. 
Holden Trailblazer,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $45990. Holden Trax,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $23990
Hyundai Accent,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $15990. Hyundai Accent,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $15990

This aspect of containerized transport has some obvious benefits if you're making a permanent or long-term move to another country; Standard modes of auto shipping require that personal items be removed from the car.
The other option for car shipping by boat is a method called "roll on, roll off," or RORO auto transport.
Hyundai Elantra,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $20990. Hyundai i30,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $20990

Roll on Roll off entails a vehicle being driven into a holding area under the ship, where it is then secured and delivered before being driven off the boat at the shipping port. 
Hyundai i40,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $37655. Hyundai i40,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $38280. Hyundai iLoad,Van  has a price or cost starting from $44007

 After choosing a company to work with and arranging the transport dates, they will pick up your car for transport to the nearest shipping port where it will be loaded into a car shipping container; During this process, the battery is disconnected and the vehicle is secured using industrial strength tie downs and blocking to keep it place.
If you don't need the full use of a 20' or 40' container, ask about a discount for a "Less than Container Load," which allows the shipper to combine smaller shipments into one container at a reduced cost.
Car shipping containers are roughly 8 feet wide and 8 feet high, which means there's plenty of space for most standard sized cars and trucks. 
Containers sizes are either 20 feet or 40 feet long (car shipping containers are often the smaller of the two), which makes it easy to move multiple cars at once, if needed.
A car, used for carrying passengers on roads, is also called an automobile.

What is automobile: The word automobile comes from two words "auto" (Greek) and "mobile" (French).
 A car is a lifestyle that epitomizes the personality of the owner. As the driver sits behind the wheel, a vehicle is an extension of his or her image from the fabric of the seats to the roof; To an enthusiast, a car is a well-crafted machine that requires exploration and admiration.

The world's first automobile was developed by Carl Benz in 1885- The top speed of the motor car was 16 km per hour; It had a one cylinder four-stroke engine installed horizontally on a specifically designed chassis- It was known as the Benz Patent Motorwagen.
In 1908, the Model T developed by Henry Ford became the first car available to the masses- This was a low-cost car; It cost around $850 in 1908 and $260 in 1925 (the reduction in the cost of the car was mainly because of the invention of the assembly line).

First time in America and the world: the world's first electric traffic signal is put into place on the corner of Euclid Avenue and East 105th Street in Cleveland, Ohio, on 5th August in 1914. Also, the first center painted dividing line appeared in 1911, in Michigan; the first "No Left Turn" sign would debut in Buffalo, New York, in 1916; and left-hand drive became standard in American cars in 1908.

The first self-propelled vehicle–Cugnot Fardier—was made by Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot in 1769 - It was a steam-powered tricycle.

The world's first IC engine–The Pyréolophore–was probably built by Nicephore Niepce in 1807; The inventor is also credited with the invention of photography.

Carl Benz applied for a patent for his 'vehicle powered by a gas engine' on January 29, 1886; The patent application, bearing the number DRP – 37435 could also be referred as the birth certificate of the automobile- The patent application was registered with the German Imperial Patent Office in Berlin.

The world's first long-distance journey (from Mannheim in southern Germany to Pforzheim) in the history of the automobile was undertaken by Bertha Benz (wife of Carl Benz) and her two sons in August 1888.

There are an estimated 1.2 billion cars in the world today while there were only 500 million in 1986; According to a report released by a research house Bernstein, there will be a total of 2 billion cars on the planet by 2040.

An average car has 30,000 parts; About 9,770,000 cars were made in Japan in 2014. Of this total, Toyota made about 3,270,000 cars
Subaru BRZ,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $37190. Subaru Forester,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $37517

Surprisingly, 80% of an average car is recyclable; In the U.S. alone, 12 million vehicles are recycled every year- Interestingly, automotive recycling is the 16th largest industry in the U.S. Subaru Impreza,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $24990
Subaru Impreza,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $25190. Subaru Levorg,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $40226

A crash typically happens within an average of three seconds after a driver is distracted - According to a source, texting while driving increases the chances of an accident by 23 times.
Subaru Liberty,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $34146. Subaru Outback,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $40389
A Subaru WRX Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $43787. Subaru XV,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $31790
Driving a car with a standard or manual transmission is not an easy job for Americans, Note that more than 95% of the cars in the U.S. have automatic transmission; On the other hand, in Europe and Japan, more than 80 percent of cars sold have manual transmissions.
In 2013, white was the world's most favorite car color- According to an Australian study, white vehicles are 10% less likely to be involved in an accident. Moreover, cars that have mainstream colors are prone to theft more than those that have less popular colors.

In 2017, Tesla became the world's second most valuable car company.

In case of a crash or an impact, airbags inflate in just 30 milliseconds - Learn the science behind airbags.

 Astonishingly, by the mid-1960s, American made cars were delivered to retail buyers with an average 24 defects a unit, and many of these defects were safety related.

In 1980, Japan became the world's leading auto producer; However, currently, it is the world's third largest producer of cars.
Thus, the automobile industry became a key force for change in the 20th century America.
From 1909 to 1927, Ford built more than 15 million cars- Initially, the Model T took 12 hours for assembly. With the help of the assembly line technique, this amount of time was cut to 8 minutes for each car in 1913, and finally in 1927, during the last years of the production of the Model T, the factory was delivering a completely assembled car in just 24 seconds. Now that's the power of innovation.

One of the worlds' most loved cars; the Volkswagen Beetle was sold 20 million and more units worldwide and was the most popular car of the 20th century.

The Toyota Corolla is the world's best selling car; The Corolla is sold over 150 countries and regions and the company sells 1 Corolla every 15 seconds. Since Corolla was launched in 1966, the company has sold more than 44.1 million of these cars and that is roughly equivalent to 20% of the company's overall sales. 

Electric cars are not a new phenomenon; Thomas Davenport is credited with building the first practical electric vehicle — a small locomotive.

According to a source, in the U.K, almost £70,000 is spent on fuel by the average motorist over their lifetime.

China produces almost a quarter of the world's total cars.
The word "car" comes from the Latin word "carrus" – a two-wheeled wagon.

New car smell is actually the smell of various volatile organic compounds that are used to manufacture the car. The smell is intoxicating and the manufacturers are adopting measure and techniques to get rid of this smell.

Toyota's first car factory (now the Honsha Plant) was built in Koromo-cho.

Almost three-quarters of the Rolls Royce cars ever produced are still on the road today.

Oh no, we don't know much about such, but did you know that the Volkswagen group comprises twelve brands from seven European countries:
Volkswagen Passenger Cars, Audi, SEAT, ŠKODA, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Porsche, Ducati, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, Scania, and MAN!

It is funny, There are more cars than people in Los Angeles.

Ralph Teetor–the inventor of cruise control(also known as a speedostat or tempomat)–was blind. He invented the cruise control in 1948.

In year 1941, Henry Ford made a car out of soybeans; The car weighed 2000 lbs and had a tubular steel frame that had 14 plastic panels attached to it.

Three-point seat belts save one life every six seconds- Seat belts were invented by Volvo and were not patented so that the invention could be used for safety purposes by other car manufacturers as well.

The average cost of car ownership in the U.S. amounts to $8,876 per year for a sedan car or an average car for that matter.

In year 2012, Nevada became the first U.S. state to issue the license to self-driving cars.
 Self-driving cars are autonomous cars that can drive from point A to point B without a driver;  They use maps and sophisticated technology to accomplish the task; Researchers agree that these cars could help reduce road accidents in the future.


Denmark is one of the most expensive countries in which to buy a new car- Denmark collects 150% tax on all new car purchases. 
However, according to a source, the country is recently looking to cut the tax rate to 100% for new vehicle purchases.

 After the initial introduction of cars in the American market, there was an intense competition between other manufacturers and Ford Motor Company- General Motors had to take a planned obsolescence of products between 1920 and 1930 so that they could build better cars that attracted customers.


Wheels are an essential part of any automobile or motorized vehicle for that matter; wheels were invented around 3500 B.C in Mesopotamia and surprisingly no one knows how they were invented
 However, initially, they were not used for transportation. It took 300 years after the invention of the wheels that someone realized they could be used to serve a larger purpose.

Did you know that how the world famous brand ‘Mercedes' came into existence! Interestingly, the name ‘Mercedes' was adopted from the name of a customer's daughter ‘Mercedes Jellinek'.

Benz and Mercedes were competitors until 1920- When these companies merged, the newly formed company started selling cars under the brand name ‘Mercedes-Benz'.

The rubber used in the tires of a car is vulcanized; Vulcanization is a process for converting natural rubber or related polymers into more durable materials by heating them with sulfur or other equivalent curatives or accelerators. 
Charles Goodyear invented the process of vulcanization of rubber when he was in jail and was experimenting with a piece of rubber and a pin. He accidentally dropped the piece of the rubber on the hot stove and the rubber became black and tough.

Henry Ford made eight different models of cars (A, B, C, F, K, N, R, S ) before he could produce the famous Model T The Ford Model T had a four-cylinder inline engine that produced 20 HP.


Toyota, Daihatsu, Nissan, Suzuki, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Subaru, Isuzu, and Honda are all Japanese car makers  or manufacturers- Honda is the first Japanese carmaker to open a plant in the U.S. in the early 1980s.

The Railton Mobile Special is the first car in the history to go faster than 350 mph (563.27 km/h) speed; After further development, On 16 September 1947, John Cobb was able to break 400 mph (640 km/h) in a measured test. The car is available at Thinktank, the Museum of Science in Birmingham, England.


Purchasing a car is a long-term investment, with the expectation that the car will provide dependable transportation for the long haul; But as our surveys show, not all cars can fulfill that promise.

Developed with Toyota, Subaru's first rear-wheel-drive sports car features a 2.0-liter four-cylinder with a choice of a six-speed manual or an automatic. Handling is super-responsive, with cornering precision that makes the BRZ fun to drive- The car turns in promptly, with almost no body lean; The steering is quick and well-weighted. 
At its limits, the BRZ is slightly more forgiving than its mechanical sibling, the Toyota 86 (the old Scion FR-S)- That difference makes the BRZ less prone to sliding its tail during spirited driving. The ride is also a bit more jittery than in the FR-S. The cabin is relatively plain, with well-bolstered sport seats, but the ride and elevated noise can be taxing.

The Lexus ES has sound handling but falls short of being engaging or fun; Uncharacteristic for Lexus, the ride is on the stiff side, and the optional 18-inch wheels make it worse. The powerful 3.5-liter V6 and six-speed automatic got a good 25 mpg overall. 

When handing out money in exchange for a product or service, you can be easily scammed and buying used cars is no exception- Learning how to avoid scams when buying a used car is critical- Chances of falling into the hands of crooked dealers and salesmen are highest when enthusiasm and excitement cloud your judgment.

There are lots of reasons why people prefer to buy used cars; Most times, it is due to budget constraints and affordability which in itself is not a bad thing. 
Mazda BT-50,ute  has a price or cost starting from $35990. Mazda CX-3,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $23990
Scammers and crooked dealers continue to improve and find new ways to fleece unsuspecting people exchanging fault-ridden vehicles for money- In some cases, not even providing a car at all. Buyers must be vigilant and wary of these tactics by researching and being on the lookout for gimmicks and tricks.

When buying from auction houses, you also need to be careful and do your research before starting the purchase process; Many unlicensed dealers and auction houses operate and claim to be licensed- It might be difficult to trace or hold them legally accountable if you are scammed by any of them.
Mazda 2,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $16990and a Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $16990

There is only so much you can know about buying used cars and observe not being a mechanic. Avoiding a scam when buying a used car is not a cut and dried process- These tips will help you spot a scam a mile away and protect yourself when purchasing your dream car.
Mazda 3,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $21490 and aSedan  has a price or cost starting from $21490. Mazda 6,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $36475 and a Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $37834
To woo unsuspecting buyers, scam dealers may offer their cars for sale at unbelievable and unrealistic prices hoping to snap up greedy buyers; A good rule of thumb is to always double check the selling price of the car and compare with what other competing dealers are offering for the same make and model; You also want to check Auto Auction Mall inventory for similar vehicles to understand the margins the dealer is making.

An abnormally low price might also be a sign that the dealer is trying to get rid of the car quickly, sometimes due to a fault that might not be readily noticeable- Abnormal prices in most cases will always point to a hidden defect in the car or even a stolen vehicle.

You also want to be wary of yo-yo scams in car financing agreements; In this situation, you receive the  perfect financing offer  and without reading the fine  you print, sign and take your car home only to be called after a few days that your financing arrangement did not go as planned and you would need to come in for a new offer- The new offer is higher however by this time you love your car so much you aren't willing to agree to higher terms; It's not worth it.
Mercedes-Benz A-Class,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $54327. Mercedes-Benz B-Class,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $50193

Regardless of where you are buying your car from, it is only proper that you know everything about a used car before buying it- If for no other reason, at the very least for safety and to verify that you are not buying a stolen car.

A vehicle report is a treasure trove of information that will help you understand the vehicle's history, the extent of repair work done on it and the actual condition; This is also a good time to double check the make, model, year, license plate and vehicle identification number (VIN). Before buying the car, request for the VIN and run a search.
Jeep Patriot  SUV has a price or cost starting from $18040. Jeep Renegade  SUV has a price or cost starting from $27295

VIN cloning is when a thief replaces the VIN of a stolen vehicle with the VIN of another car- It is a rapidly rising problem that can be solved with a careful VIN search.

Title and vehicle history reports can identify many red flags for you such as last reported mileage, number of previous owners and if the car's real title is "junk" or "salvage" You'll also be able to know of any significant issues like accidents and floods.
Jeep Wrangler  SUV has a price or cost starting from $27945. Jeep Wrangler JK  SUV has a price or cost starting from $23995

You can get the vehicle report with the car's VIN in sites like CarProof, Carfax and the National Motor Vehicle Title Information System.
The inspection can reveal Odometer Fraud: This is when the mileage of a car has been tampered with to read a lesser mileage and deceive unsuspecting buyers; A closer look at the dashboard should reveal scratches or evidence of tampering.
Volkswagen Golf,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $28456. Volkswagen Golf,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $33934.Volkswagen Golf,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $35990
Jeep Wrangler JK Unlimited  SUV has a price or cost starting from $27895. Jeep Wrangler Unlimited,SUV has a price or cost starting from $31445

Flooded vehicles will almost certainly come with its fair share of electrical problems and other mechanical headaches- Dishonest dealers will try to mask this so they can make a profit.
A cursory inspection might reveal funny odors within the car; A strong pleasant scent within the vehicle is also a sign of someone trying to mask the smell of wet interiors.

Sometimes, a rusted away underneath is a good indicator of the general condition of the vehicle. Occasionally minor dents and scratches are masked with a cleverly done paint job.
When you ship a car overseas, you can find everything confusing, especially for first-timers-  The possibility of overlooking basic things and the challenge of choosing a reliable and reputable shipping company will surely add to the stress.

To find a shipping company you can use search engines like Google, Yahoo, and Bin or You can also use forums and review sites; they will provide you with an extensive list of shipping companies to choose from.
Volkswagen Tiguan,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $36792
Volkswagen Touareg,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $77752. Volkswagen Transporter,Van  has a price or cost starting from $34990
Once you've found a company that will ship a car, you can verify if it's trustworthy- You can do this by checking for complaints and reviews with Better Business Bureau (BBB) and Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) >>Better Business Bureau (BBB) will provide you with details on how the company performs specifically in responding to complaints- These details will give you an idea of their character and trustworthiness; reviews, ratings, and feedback are a clear reflection of how the company delivers services and treats customers.

It is  a good idea to ask questions to the representative of the company you are interested in using. Contact them by phone and check if their company has the required licenses, such as a  US DOT number.
The initial costs needed to ship a car from the U.S starts at around $750 up to $2500, depending on the country of destination and the type of car- Also, you need to add in duties and other charges.
Audi S4,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $116861. Audi SQ5,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $115032. Audi TT,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $90526

This is especially the case with the mandatory documents submitted to customs like the original title, title assignment, proof of payment, and other additional documents and fees needed to pass through different port cities.
Volkswagen Crafter,Van  has a price or cost starting from $47490. Volkswagen Crafter,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $58048

Duties, taxes, fees, and restrictions can be extremely high in many countries- So it is better to check with the country of destination.
Audi TT,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $97494. Nissan 370Z,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $54898
Shipping insurance for the vehicle runs 1.5 %-2.5% of the estimated value or about $300-$500 for a car valued at $20,000. Some individual auto policies cover transport- Check if the shipping company has current cargo insurance, with a minimum liability exceeding the value of your car.
Other Expenses
Audi RS Q3,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $99285. A 2018 Audi S3,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $71782. Audi S3,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $73997


It's now time to request a quote and finalize a booking from the company that you are interested in using; Keep away from shipping companies that will ask for an upfront payment- These companies will only take your money and fail to do the service once you make an upfront payment >> If the company asks you for an upfront payment, assume there is some scam going on.

Port-to-Port is considered the cheapest way to ship a car abroad- This consists in delivering to a designated port or terminal in the US- The car is then shipped to a designated port of entry at the country of its destination.

Audi S3,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $84171.. A 2018 Audi S4,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $113644.

 Door-to-Port is a type of delivery option that is efficient and cost-effective- This is usually done by picking up the car from your home and deliver it to an international port you selected in the country of destination.


Door-to-Door delivery option is the most convenient for you- In this option, the shipping company of your choice will pick up the car from your home- It will then be in charge of the process from container loading, delivery to the port, and bringing it to its destination.

Roll On/Roll Off is also known as RORO; a vessel used to bring wheeled cargo and heavy equipment- This is a shipping method suitable for various cargo types including cars, boats, and heavy equipment.

You will need the Bill of Sale document for recently purchased vehicles- This document shows the record of the transaction between you, the car owner, and the seller of the vehicle- It also gives specific information about your car.

Export Forms  like the Shipper's Export Declaration form and Declaration of Dangerous Goods form- These documents are used to monitor shipments of controlled goods.

When it comes to buying a used car, there are some things that we always need to consider; These are pricing, quality, and overall value.

Used sedans have become very affordable over the past 5 years, but prices have gone up more recently- In spite of this rise in prices, values remain very attractive. 
Mercedes-Benz C-Class,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $70446. Mercedes-Benz C-Class,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $73081


As a result, according to yearly statistics of car purchases, the percentage of cars bought new dropped from 44% to 29% in the past year- That goes to show how much of a hit the new car market has had because of a constant increase in prices since the end of the recession.
Mercedes-Benz C-Class,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $75185. Mercedes-Benz C-Class,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $97612. Mercedes-Benz CLA,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $57427

According to USA Today's article, gas prices are steadily rising again with the national average being $2.58 per gallon, which is 58 cents above last year's prices. 

With  SUVs and crossovers consuming more fuel, the value-concerned buyers will look towards used compact and subcompact sedans as preferred options.
Mercedes-Benz CLA,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $63436. Mercedes-Benz CLS,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $150269

Auctions sell 3-year old compact sedans at an average wholesale price of around $9,800 -This is a lot less than an SUV, which costs $13,000. 


Nissan Murano has been awarded several titles such as:
    2011 Affordable SUVs with 2 Rows
    2011 Affordable Midsize SUV
    Used Midsize SUV under $20,000
    2011 Affordable Crossover SUV
If you are after a bit of power under the hood of your SUV, you are in luck as consumers seem to love the power of the Murano. 

A used 2011 Nissan Murano comes equipped with a 3.5-liter V6 engine that boasts 260 horsepower for you to enjoy- Unlike other similar SUVs in the same year, the Murano boasts a CVT or continuously variable transmission that consumers say is responsive and smooth in between shifts. 
When choosing a used 2011 Nissan Murano, do keep in mind that there is an all-wheel drive and front-wheel drive version.

A used 2011 Murano will cost you somewhere between $7,000 and $11,000 to purchase- The average cost sits at about $8,000 but you may be able to find one cheaper or more expensive depending on the body style.
The Nissan Murano has continued to be a prized SUV of those who own it and it continues to provide a smooth ride and safe handling too- It does make a wonderful vehicle for anyone who has a family or wants more space than what a sedan can offer. 

If you are someone who likes ease and convenience, you will enjoy the power return rear seats in the 2011 Nissan Murano. These seats provide you with the convenience of not having to pull up and try to return the rear seats to normal once they are folded down. Simply press a button and the seats return to their original position.

Nissan is a well-known and loved brand that makes highly-sought after vehicles that sport power, reliability, and rank top in consumer reviews- The brand has built much of its reputation on innovation, keeping up with modern technology, and luxury inside of the vehicle itself.

The 2017 Nissan Altima was rated 2017's most affordable midsize car and has an overall score of 8.3 out of 10 for its price, crash test ratings, and performance- Consumers who have owned, leased, and driven the 2017 Altima have expressed their love for the vehicle and below, we will look at some of the most notable features of the car to help you better decide if you should purchase that used 2017 Nissan Altima for sale.

A used 2017 Nissan Altima may seem costlier in the beginning because you must remember that it is a newer model of the car and is only about two years old- New model cars release in the fall of the year before them- For example, a 2019 Nissan Altima will release in fall of 2018.


The average cost of a used 2017 Nissan Altima will cost you anywhere between $14,000 up to $35,000 with the average price falling somewhere about $17,500- Of course, the price of the used Altima will depend on the model you choose and other factors such as exterior damage, interior wear, mileage, and more.
BMW 2 Series,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $68309. BMW 3 Series,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $65812
The four-cylinder Altima options have a fuel economy of about 26 to 27 miles per gallon in the city and 37 to 39 miles per gallon on the highway- The six-cylinder option has a fuel economy of 22 miles per gallon in the city and 32 miles per gallon on the highway.

Safety is paramount in any car and the 2017 Nissan Altima is a supreme safety machine- In fact, the IIHS scored it as good in all areas of crashworthiness and ranked it superior for front crash prevention - With an overall five out of five for safety ratings, it is no wonder that individuals and families choose a used 2017 Altima over other options.
The 2017 Nissan Altima comes with a powerful and pumped up four-cylinder engine that releases around 179 horsepower- This 2.5-liter engine will provide you with the getup and go that you are after- Some models boast a 3.5-liter V6 engine that has almost 100 horsepower more (270HP).
BMW 3 Series,Touring  has a price or cost starting from $72332. BMW 4 Series,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $78829, BMW 4 Series Gran,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $78829, BMW 4 Series,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $99166.

When it comes to cars, if you are someone who enjoys luxury and comfort while on the road, then a used 2016 BMW 2 Series may be the right choice for you- BMW has taken manufacturing its cars to a whole new level and they focus on the consumer and what you want. 
Some of the best features that consumers love about the BMW is its ability to ride nice, the high fuel economy it offers, and the style of the interior.
The 2016 BMW 2-Series comes with an engine that is ready to take on the black top and push you past everyone else- Many consumers boast that the engine provides them with an ample amount of power.
BMW 5 Series,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $100619. BMW i3,Hatchback  has a price or cost starting from $77999

The standard BMW 2 Series will come with a four-cylinder engine that cranks out about 240 horsepower on average- If you are someone who enjoys a boosted engine, you can choose a six-cylinder that pushes out about 365 horsepower.
When purchasing a used 2016 BMW 2 Series, you can expect to pay somewhere between $20,000 and $40,000 for the vehicle- Since there are several models that fall under the 2 Series, the price will vary.
BMW 1 Series,Hatchback  has a price or cost starting from $46454. BMW 2 Series,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $60701

The estimated true cost to own a 2016 BMW 2 Series is $47,547. This number is reached using a five-year estimate with the car being driven about 15,000 miles per year.

The IIHS ranked the 2016 BMW 2 good in all areas of crashworthiness- The BMW 2 also ranked advanced in front crash prevention.

When evaluating whether the 2016 BMW 2 Series is a good car, you must  consider the interior, exterior, and overall look and comfort of the car- The BMW 2 series is a sensible choice when it comes to luxury cars and there are several options you can choose from as well.

A used 2016 BMW 2 has superior performance on the road and is easy to control and handle- With awesome features packed into the dashboard and room throughout the cabin, you are sure to enjoy this luxury car.

The 2015 Toyota Tacoma is a popular model truck that many consumers love- Overall, this truck ranks an 8.7 out of 10 based on its features, affordability, retained value, and more- It is no secret that the Tacoma holds its value and makes it a wonderful purchase for any consumer who wants a truck that is built tough and will resell at a high value. 
Edmunds has ranked the Tacoma as a truck with the best overall resale value throughout the US;  Edmunds also projects that the 2015 Tacoma will retain about 52 percent of its original value, which is much higher than some of the luxury brands on the market


The Toyota Tacoma has proved time and time again that it is able to stack up to some of the big dogs out there on the road- The truck itself is built to be durable and take on any terrain that you may find yourself heading towards- The Tacoma can excel over its predecessors and continues to make a mark in the automotive world.

One of the notable features of the 2015 Toyota Tacoma is that it has an overall low cost of ownership over a five-year period- In fact, the cost of ownership over this time is about equal to the cost of a Toyota Prius, which is much smaller in size and lacks the same capabilities.

Holden Calais,Tourer  has a price or cost starting from $47990. Holden Captiva,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $32990

One of the factors that may influence your decision to purchase a used Tacoma is the performance of the truck itself- You want a truck that you can rely on for years to come and the Tacoma is that truck.

The 2015 Toyota Tacoma is equipped with a four-cylinder engine that boasts 159 horsepower for you to unleash- If you are looking for a more powerful engine, the option to have a V6, 236 horsepower engine is available- The four-cylinder and V6 engine options both pair with either a manual or automatic transmission.
Holden Colorado,Pickup  has a price or cost starting from $39990. Holden Commodore,Liftback  has a price or cost starting from $35990
Hyundai iMax,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $44990

Rear-wheel drive is standard in the 2015 Toyota Tacoma; however, the upgraded models have four-wheel drive. Consumers have rated the ride of the truck as comfortable and smooth.
Holden Commodore Sport  Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $38190. Holden Equinox,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $27990.

If safety is one of your main concerns in a vehicle, you will find that this truck stacks up. It received a four out of five stars in overall safety. The Tacoma also received a five out of five stars for side impact crashes as well- According to the IIHS, the 2015 Tacoma received a testing of good in the crash areas of head restraints and seats, side, and front- The lowest rating, which was marginal, was roof strength; however, the Tacoma did score a four out of five in rollover crashes for safety.
Ford Focus,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $28347. Ford Mondeo,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $39490
The Tacoma has earned its place in the truck lineup and continues to make consumers happy with their choice to purchase one; Consumers who do own this truck has the following to say about it:
The average price of a used 2015 Toyota Tacoma is somewhere between $15,000 and $20,000. This truck is known to hold its value over time, which makes it a great investment.
Ford Mustang,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $69970. Ford Mustang,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $83117
Volkswagen Caddy,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $38601. Volkswagen Caravelle,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $51990

If an abundance of options is something you're going for, then the Ford Explorer is right up your alley- This midsize SUV offers plenty of tech features you can enjoy- It also gives you the option of three engines.
Ford Ranger,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $32537. Ford Ranger,ute  has a price or cost starting from $44588
The inside of the Ford Explorer offers a quiet ride, although turning corners might be a bit of an issue- While it is nice to drive on the highway, you'll find yourself sliding around in the corners- The car feels big and the visibility is hindered by the wide pillars front to back. There is plenty of cargo space behind the third row. 


The 2017 Ford Explorer is part of the fifth generation that began with the 2011 model year- Ford makes three engines available for the SUV- You have the option of choosing a 3.5-liter V6 with 290 horsepower or a 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine with 280 horsepower.
Kia Rio,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $17490. Kia Rondo,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $31492
Kia Rondo,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $36128. Kia Sorento,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $43990
Kia Soul,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $24990. Kia Sportage,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $31990. Kia Stinger,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $52395
The Ford Explorer has twin-turbo 365 hp V6 available in the platinum and Sport trims, all paired to a six-speed automatic transmission feeding the power to front wheels as standard- You can also opt for the all-wheel drive. 

Across the range of engines, the fuel consumption  of a ford explorer goes from 16 miles per gallon in the city up to 27 mpg on the highway- it also provides plenty of parking assist tech to make your experience in the parking lots easier.

The rear view camera comes as standard on all Explorers to counter the fact that the driver struggles for visibility- You also have the option to choose parking sensors, front and rear as well as a front-view camera- Other useful features include blind spot monitoring and cross traffic warning as well as parallel park assist- You can opt for a lane keep assist, warning for forward collision and adaptive cruise control.

Speaking about Ford Explorer's safety scores, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has given it a maximum 5-star rating, for the front and all-wheel drive models- The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety did mark it down in its crashworthiness testing in the Small overlap front, giving the driver-side a Marginal rating while the passenger side gets a Poor grade- In addition, J.D. Power gave the Explorer 3 stars out of possible five for predicted reliability- This, according to the ratings is the market average.

Edmunds notes that the 2019 model year's MSRP will start at $32,365 and $54,165 for the top models- This is just slightly above the pricing for the current model.
U.S. News claims the average price paid for a used 2017 Ford Explorer is around $32,000- The price will certainly depend on the trim and options selected as well as mileage and the overall condition of the car.
Mercedes-Benz GLS,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $134453. Mercedes-Benz Marco Polo ACTIVITY,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $79366.
Looking at the CarGurus listings, a 2017 model year Explorer prices start at $19,000 and top out at $43,000 for the Platinum trim- This means that if you don't mind driving a used Ford Explorer, you might get save a significant amount of money- There isn't much difference from 2018 to 2017 models- As noted slight design changes and integrated 4G LTE hotspot are the only difference.

While it offers a comfortable and quiet ride on the highway, the Ford Explorer fails to stand out in the crowd- The third row is cramped, it is hard to see out of the vehicle and if you look anywhere else in the market you will find better options- However, if you are adamant about buying an Explorer, you should opt for the 2017 model. 
Mercedes-Benz SLC,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $81915. Mercedes-Benz Sprinter,Van  has a price or cost starting from $49946.

When it comes time for you to purchase a used car, you need to know these little differences as they can make a big difference in the end- A certified pre-owned car or CPO is one that is used but has gone through a series of testing to ensure that the vehicle meets the original requirements- Often, CPO vehicles will be offered at dealerships and come with a limited warranty.
Mercedes-Benz Valente,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $65190. Mercedes-Benz V-Class,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $87945.

Mercedes-Benz Sprinter,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $55950. Mercedes-Benz Sprinter,Bus  has a price or cost starting from $72663.

Certified used cars generally come with a warranty attached to them and a dealer can back up any claims made that the car is certified- It is important that as you shop for a certified used car that you do not just choose a car because there is a certified sticker on it.
Mercedes-Benz Vito,Van  has a price or cost starting from $36990. Mercedes-Benz X-Class,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $52285. Mercedes-Benz X-Class,ute  has a price or cost starting from $53713.
Mitsubishi ASX,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $29578.

Of course, there are some advantages that do come along with purchasing a used car that is certified- Below, we will talk about some of those advantages to give you a better understanding of what to expect.
In fact, a used certified car is gently used, which means you could be landing yourself a like-new car- For example, Lexus' Certified used car program requires the car to be no older than 6 years and it must have less than 70,000 miles on it- Each certified used Lexus goes through a 161-point inspection done by trained and qualified techs.

Another advantage of a certified used car is that they have been inspected by trained and licensed mechanics- The inspections are very thorough, and many have 140-point up to 200-point inspections that take place- The purpose behind the inspection is to make sure that the entire car is in working order before it is offered for sale.

A car that has been in a major collision can spell trouble for you- From frame damage to busted components under the hood, you may just be purchasing a whole set of problems- Certified pre-owned cars have NOT been involved in major collisions – in fact, most have not been in a collision at all.

A non-certified pre-owned car may be the right choice for you if you do not want to spend a significant amount of money on your new-used car- Non-certified used cars are going to be cheaper than their certified version, which makes them lucrative to many car buyers.

A non-certified used car is a good choice for someone who does not need to know that it has been inspected- For example, maybe you want to make some repairs on your own or maybe you have a mechanic who can come look at the car and give it a thumbs up approval- Do keep in mind though that non-certified pre-owned cars do not come with a warranty in most cases and are often sold as is.

When purchasing a car from a dealer, you, as the car buyer, do not have a lot to do- In fact, the dealer handles most everything related to the car and the purchase itself.
You will be more hands off during this process and all you must do is look at the car, test drive it, and sign some paperwork- Dealers are licensed entities and are typically dealerships or used car lots.

A private party is an individual who does not have a dealer license and you will typically find private party individuals on sale sites such as Facebook or Craigslist-  Private party sellers often advertise their cars for sale via a for sale sticker in the window. 
With this type of sale, you are more hands on and you will need to arrange the meeting, test drive, and you often pay cash for these types of deals.
Pros  and cons of Dealer Purchase
    Pro: The dealer is responsible for handling all the paperwork and the process
    Pro: You have financing options you can choose from
    Pro: You have the option of both certified and non-certified used cars
    Con: You may purchase a used car that is more than your budget allowed for
    Con: You may feel obligated or pressured into a buy this car situation
    Con: Used cars are often higher priced.

Pros and Cons of a Private Party Purchase
    Pro: You are in control of the purchase
    Pro: You can negotiate the price and often lower the price too
    Con: Not as much legal protection as with a dealership
    Con: You can usually only pay with cash
    Con: You do not receive any type of warranty with the car and you will not have the option to purchase a certified used car.

Buying a used car is a time of happiness, excitement, and joy, but, it is also a time for you to make sure that you are cautious and paying attention too- Used car scams do exist and you must be on the look out for some of the most common scams or you may find yourself stripped of your money and stuck with a car that doesn't work.
Here are some of the most common used car scams and how you can avoid them at all costs;
	>> Odometer scam
	>> Low Price Bait and Switch 
	>> Deposit into Escrow
Odometer Scam: Involves tampering with odometer- To avoid this scam, check the maintenance records of the vehicle you are interested in - This scam is more likely or happen with cars that have non-digital odometers.
Low Price Bait and Switch is a  scam that  occurs when you call a dealership to inquire about a used car and they give you a low price for the car or they tell you they have an incredible special going on and you can save a lot of money >> The way it works is – you head into the dealership and then the sales person tells you the car sold, or they cannot secure that price any longer. Now that they have you at the dealership, they can sell you other, higher-priced used cars. 
To avoid this scam, ALWAYS get a price for a used car in writing and research the value of the car BEFORE you call or head into the dealership. This way, you are armed with knowledge too- If it is too good to be true, it probably is.
The third most common scam is the one where a seller will tell you to put the deposit for the vehicle into an escrow account and once they receive the money, they will call you and you can finish the purchase of the vehicle- The only problem is, once you deposit the money, the seller will disappear with the vehicle and leave you empty handed.

The best way for you to purchase a vehicle is to do so face to face in a public space and NEVER exchange money for the car unless you feel comfortable doing so.
Before you can purchase a used car, you must first decide on a used car- To do this, you need to take some time to evaluate the used car you are interested in and learn more about it.
The most common car features that consumers enjoy
    Four-wheel drive
    Rear backup camera
    USB ports
    Third-row seating
    Front collision assistance or lane departure assist
    Rear AC controls.
	
Things to keep in mind while buying a a car:
		Evaluate the Used Car: Look at the Features
		Consider the Long-Term Cost of the Car
		Think About the Fuel Economy
		Choose a Used Car that Fits Your Lifestyle.

Evaluate the Used Car: Look at the Features
		One of the first things you should think about is the features of the used car. The bells and whistles of the car are the extras that help to make your car personable and they often offer additional comfort too.
		
Consider the Long-Term Cost of the Car
		When you purchase a used car, you often only think about the cost of the car initially, such as the purchase price; however, a car will cost you money over the course of your ownership and it is important that you do determine how much it will cost you

 
The tool does break down ownership costs into these categories:
    Maintenance
    Repairs
    Taxes and Fees
    Insurance
    Financing
    Fuel
    Depreciation

The fuel economy of the car you choose will determine how much gas you must put into your car over its lifespan The better the fuel economy, the more miles per gallon of gas you will receive- Cars that have a poor fuel economy will need to be filled up more often and if you travel a lot, you will find you spend a lot of money over the course of your used car's life.

There are two main sources for you to obtain the safety information you need to about the used car for sale you are eyeing: First, you can run a check for safety ratings at the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety or the IIHS- The second source is the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration or the NHTSA; Both sources will provide you with a better idea of how safe the used car you are interested in is and how well it performed in any crash tests.

For example, do you want to have a big family! If so, how many and how soon! If you want to have four children in the next few years, then a small sedan will not meet your needs and you should choose an SUV, crossover, or something with third-row seating.

Consider what you plan to use the car for, If you are an avid bike rider or you like to go off road, then a Corvette is not going to meet this need.

If you do not have knowledge about cars or you do not feel comfortable inspecting the car on your own, you can always hire a mechanic to come look at it for you- Either way, an inspection is the only way you will know if the used car is in good condition or if you will be making some serious repairs later down the road.

As you shop for a used car, do take the time to do your homework about the car- One thing you want to keep in mind is that some cars are just simply troublesome from the beginning and there are some brands and models that are less reliable than others- To help limit how many repairs you will need to make on your used car, search for one that is reliable.

All used cars that are offered for sale MUST have a window sticker in them according to the Federal Trade Commission- The sticker is placed in a visible area of the windshield or on one of the windows, so that consumers can look at it.

There is specific information that the window sticker must provide and that includes whether the car is sold as is or if it is sold with a warranty. In addition, the window sticker will often tell you the age of the car, miles, price, any additional or special features, and the fuel economy of the car.

It is important for you to look over this window sticker and learn more about the used car you are interested in Inspect the Used Car; Now it is time for you to start the inspection process- During this process, you will want to inspect both the interior and exterior of the car- You should start with these two areas first, as they are usually easier to inspect, and you will notice obvious signs of damage or wear immediately.

First, start with the interior of the car- You want to keep an eye out for any obvious signs of wear such as ripped seats, missing buttons, and overall wear- If you peek inside the used car and you are instantly turned off by it, then you should move on to the next used car on your list.

If this is your first time inspecting the interior of a used car, here are some things you should look at and pay attention to;
    Roof
    Pedals
    Odors
    Seats
    Sound system
    Controls and instruments
    Trunk.
Once you have looked over the interior of the used car and you are happy with it, it is time to move onto the exterior of the car. As you look at the car, keep your eye out for any dents, dings, and scratches- If you notice any of these issues, do bring them up to the dealer as they may be willing to offer a discount, or they may be willing to fix them for you.
A great way to inspect the exterior of the car is to use your eyes first and then use your hand and move it along the body of the car to feel for any damage.
Audi A6,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $96926. Audi A6,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $131927
If this is your first time inspecting the exterior of a used car, here are some things that you should look at and pay attention to:
    Suspension
    Body
    Lights and lens cover
    Glass
    Tires
After the initial inspection of the used car's interior and exterior, you now want to spend time on the mechanical components of the car. These are the components that make your car move- A used car that is not in good mechanical condition can mean expensive repairs for you.

Audi A5,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $79237. If you want a Audi A5,Coupe  It has a price or cost starting from $79237. A Audi A5,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $94924

If you are not comfortable checking the mechanics of a used car you are interested in, consider hiring a mechanic to come look at it for you.
while performing a mechanical inspection under the hood look at:
    Radiator
    Hoses
    Belts
    Battery
    Fluids
    Engine

components you should look at while performing a mechanical inspection under the car:
    CV joints
    Tail pipe
    Hoses
    Brakes
    Axle
    Suspension

Inspecting a used car goes farther than just a quick look at the car and you will need to keep an eye out for some common warning signs too:
    Look at the oil cap- One of the first things you want to do is remove the oil cap and look for any signs of froth or a milky white or light brown liquid. If you notice either of these, it is a sign that the head gasket may be on its way to blowing and that coolant or water has contaminated the oil
    Listen for odd noises; The next thing you want to do is start the car up and listen for any odd noise coming from the car- It is best to do this on a cool engine as it allows you to clearly hear the noise and once the car heats up, the noise may stop for some time.
    Check the transmission for easy of use-  Lastly, get into the vehicle, turn it on, and then shift the car into every gear and listen for any noises and watch for any stiffening or trouble. These can mean that there is an underlying transmission problem.

As always, take the used car for a test drive to get a feel for it- Make sure you pay attention while on the test drive to any noises or odd shifts in the car- Of course, keep an eye on the dashboard for any lights and keep an even closer eye on the temperature gauge to ensure the engine does not have an overheating problem.

Before you purchase the used car, do have it inspected by a certified mechanic that YOU trust- Your mechanic will be able to look over the car and tell you if there are any obvious and not-so-obvious signs of problems.

If you are purchasing a certified used car, it is unlikely that you need to have another inspection done, as they perform their own inspections and can show you the checklist or paperwork that is required.

A private party seller may be hesitant to have a mechanic look at the car and, in these cases, you should look for another used car as it is often a red flag.

If the used car passes the inspection, then you can move forward on purchasing it, should you be happy with your decision and feel it is the right one.

We've talked about the different things you should look for in a used car and how to perform an inspection, so naturally, the next thing to talk about is whether the price of the used car is fair.

You will come across many used cars for sale as you shop around, and you will notice that the price of each one differs- In fact, you can go to one dealership and the price for one of their cars may be higher or lower than another dealership who has the exact same car.

You may have heard about Kelley Blue Book and it is an excellent source to provide you with information about your car, a car your interested in, and fair prices for new and used cars.

Kelley Blue Book is easy to use, and their online website will provide you with a lot of information needed to make a decision about a used car. As you browse through their website, take a moment to input the used car's information and the system will let you know the market value of the used car, the amount a dealer should offer the car for sale, and the private party value of the same car.

This will allow you the opportunity to look at the used car's value and determine if the price the dealer is charging is fair.
Check AutoTrader
Audi A4,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $60900
Audi A4,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $73403

AutoTrader is another wonderful online source for you to use and this website will provide you with insight into what other similar used cars are selling for throughout the country.

While AutoTrader will not tell you the value of a used car, you can perform searches based on the same conditions of the used car you are looking at and find what others are selling and purchasing them for.
Check Edmunds
Audi A5,  Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $79237
Audi A5,   has a price or cost starting from $79237
Edmunds is a great place to look at the value of a used car. The website allows you to input the vehicle by year, make, model, trim, and zip code to find what the estimated value of the car is.
Nissan QASHQAI,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $26990. Nissan X-Trail,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $28990

The website provides you with a breakdown of the trade-in base value, private party base value, and the dealer retail value- In addition, it will provide you with the pricing details for the added features on your car.
When you are ready to purchase your used car, you will find several different prices and price terms- Each one means something different and it is important for you to know the difference too.
Mercedes-Benz G-Class,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $182042. Mercedes-Benz GLA,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $51472

The asking price is best known as the price of the used vehicle that the seller is asking for it- For example, if you see a price on a used car sticker that says $10,000, that is the asking price.
Mercedes-Benz GLC,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $69433. Mercedes-Benz GLE,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $104566

Nissan Pathfinder,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $47696. Nissan Patrol,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $80972

Typically, the asking price is a starting point for the vehicle and many private parties and dealers expect some negotiation on this price.

The dealer retail price is the price that the dealer wants to sell the vehicle for- This is also the highest price that the dealer can usually get for the used vehicle and will be the price that is displayed on the car, usually the windshield.
Honda Civic  SUV has a price or cost starting from $19835  The Civic exemplifies automotive excellence and mixes fun with efficiency and practicality.
Nissan JUKE,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $23990. Nissan Navara,ute  has a price or cost starting from $38752

The wholesale price of a used car is the price that the individual dealership paid for the used car- This is the lowest that the dealership could get for the vehicle and break even- Typically, dealerships will price the vehicle several thousand above this price so that they make money on the sale too.
Honda Civic Si  SUV can be termed the best car; It has a price or cost starting from $24995  A blissful balance of fun and function make the Si a 10Best Cars winner for 2018


If you have ever heard someone say they will give a dealer $500 or $1,000 over the wholesale price, that means they will only pay the wholesale price plus that $500 or $1,000. This also means the dealership would make less too.
Negotiating the Price of a Used Car
Honda Civic Type R  SUV has a price or cost starting from $35595  The Type R has taken the U.S.

It is always a good idea for you to negotiate the price of a used car. Simply paying the price on the used car's window means you could be leaving money on the table for the dealership.


Here are tips to help you negotiate fluently
	Knowing the exact value of the used car you want to purchase will give you some leverage here- A used car is only worth what an individual is willing to pay for it, so keep that in mind
	Don't give up easily - Dealerships, especially, will expect you to crack under pressure and they know if they refuse to negotiate several times or if they do not accept your offer several times, they may win the war
    Avoid Saying Too Much - When you plan to negotiate with a private party seller or a dealership, you do not want to say too much- Often, the dealership's salesman will ask you, "what type of monthly payments are you looking for!". 
	



The 2010 Ford Focus is a small compact car that can provide you with the reliability and safety you are after - The average price of this used car ranges from $4,300 up to about $4,900. 

The 2009 Scion tC is a sporty looking vehicle that packs a punch- It is equipped with a USB port and a driver's knee airbag. With an average price of $4,100 to $4,400, you will be protected in this used car that has a safety rating of 8.2 out of 10 and a reliability score of 5 out of 5.
The 2009 Pontiac Vibe has received numerous awards to include #5 in 2009 Hatchbacks and #10 in 2009 Affordable Small Cars. The average price of a used Vibe is $3,900 up to $5,000 with some of the more advanced models being slightly over the $5,000.
The 2009 Honda Fit is an excellent used car known for its reliability. The interior of the car is spacious and one of the best features of the car- This vehicle has an overall score of 9.1 out of 10 - The average price of a used Honda Fit is somewhere between $4,300 and $4,900 with some of the more advanced models being a little more

The 2009 Toyota Scion xD is a perfect little compact car for anyone, including a small family-  This little machine can squeeze into small spaces for you but still provide a roomy and comfortable ride- The average price of this used car is somewhere between $4,000 and $4,900-
  Most of the xD models can be purchased for under $5,000, but some models have additional features that can bump the price up to about $5,200- With an overall score of 8.3 out of 10, a reliability score of 4 out of 5, and a safety score of 8.5 out of 10, it is no wonder this car made this list.

The 2010 Kia Forte has received many awards to include #6 for 2010 Compact Cars and #8 for Used Compact Cars under $6K. This little machine is ideal for many individuals and has a roomy cabin and great standard features- This used car comes with an overall rating of 8.4 out of 10
	This used car has an average price of $4,400 up to $5,000 with some higher models costing a bit more than that- The Forte does have a 3 out of 5 for reliability but makes up for it with an impressive 9.2 out of 10 in safety.


The Mercury Milan sports a fancy interior and has been ranked an overall 8.5 out of 10, which makes it a wonderful choice-
	This used car has an average price of $3,900 up to $5,000 and is worth the money- The Milan sports a 9.6 out of 10 for safety and a reliability score of 4 out of 5.




This means you should sit down and determine what type of budget you must work with- Do not think about the price of the car at this moment- You want to focus on what monthly payment you can afford without any hardship.

Once you know what you can afford every month, learn more about your credit score. Your credit matters more than you think when it comes to a used car purchase- In fact, banks and financing companies can and will deny you a car loan if your credit is in the dumps- If your credit is not too bad, they may offer you a used car loan but at a hefty interest rate.

It would be wise for you to look at your credit score BEFORE you head into the dealer- If you find that your credit is lower than you thought or not as high as you would like, work on fixing it first- There are several free credit monitoring sites online that allow you to track your credit score and they provide tips to help you repair your credit too.

As you prepare to talk about financing, do avoid buy here, pay here unless you absolutely need it. These types of dealerships and car lots exist to help individuals with bad or no credit- Because of this, the loan terms are often extremely high as the dealer themselves offers the financing as opposed to a bank or financial institution. 


Dealer financing can be lucrative for several reasons but there are some major drawbacks as well- This option will allow you to drive the used car home the SAME day where you may need to wait a couple days on an application to a bank- In addition, dealer financing allows you some play with your credit score and the terms to qualify are often not as strict as a bank's.

The biggest problem with dealer financing is that there are often large fees attached to it- For instance, you may be charged a higher interest rate due to poor credit and there may be a loan origination fee that you must pay.

Studies conducted have shown that subprime borrowers or those individuals with poor credit scores had an average interest rate of 15.24% for their loan- When working with a dealer who does financing, you may have an even higher interest rate.

Bank financing takes place when a bank or financial institution such as a credit union holds the loan for your used car- Working with a bank for financing can be difficult, especially if you do not have a good credit score or your credit history is considered poor.

There are advantages to obtaining bank financing over dealer financing such as a loan interest rate, discounts at credit unions, and lower down payment requirements.

Prior to financing your used car with a bank, do research the interest rates and try to receive a pre-approval first as this will speed up the process as the dealership- Should you not be able to receive a pre-approval, the dealership can help you find financing through a bank.

As you shop for used car financing, you will be able to decide how much money you want to put down for your car, the interest rate, and the term length.

Now, keep in mind, while you can decide on your interest rate, down payment, and term of the loan, the financing institution often has a variety of choices for you. For example, if one bank approves you for an interest rate of 3.5%, you likely cannot wiggle much around this, but if they approve you for a 60-month loan term, you may be able to ask for a 72-month loan term.

Take some time to learn about the loan terms and decide what works best for you first and then find a bank that can work with you.
Close the Loan and Drive Your Used Car Home

If you are happy with the terms you have negotiated, and you are happy with the used car you chose, it is time to close the deal and drive your used car home with you.

Prior to leaving the dealership, do make sure you get a copy of the contract and never sign anything you are not comfortable with. Always ask questions for clarification and only sign the deal if you are happy with it.
Car Buying Mistakes You Want to Avoid:
	Mistake #1: Only shopping at one dealership
	Mistake #2: Focusing only on the monthly payment
	Mistake #3: Not test driving the vehicle long enough
	Mistake #4: Assuming the dealership has your best interests in mind
	Mistake #5: Spending too much time shopping for a car
	Mistake #6: Forgetting to have a mechanic look at the used car
	Mistake #7: Not calculating the true cost of ownership of the vehicle
	Mistake #8: Choosing a car that does not meet your needs
	Mistake #9: Rushing to make a decision
	Mistake #10: Trading in your old car


This is a common mistake made by many used car buyers and they simply fall in love with the first vehicle they see and make the purchase- Shopping at multiple dealerships offers you a wide selection of cars, but also interest rates, terms, discounts, and more
If you are one who does not want to shop in person at several dealerships, you do not have to. 

Above, we told you that you should sit down and come up with a monthly payment amount you can afford comfortably, and you should- But, one of the biggest mistakes that consumers make is that they ONLY focus on the monthly payment and nothing else- It is vital that you focus on the monthly payment but also on the other components of the car loan such as the interest rate, the total price of the car, and any additional options that will cost you money.

A test drive of any used car you are interested in is required- Well, it is not required to buy the car, but required if you want to make sure there is nothing wrong with the car.

It can be easy to get carried away in the excitement of purchasing your used car, but do not let this excitement distract you from what is truly at stake- Take your time when you test drive the car and do make sure it meets your needs and that there are no odd noises or driving issues present.


While your salesman may be friendly, and he may seem like he is ready to help you, he wants to line his pockets with his earned commission- Unfortunately, dealerships do not have your best interests in mind and while you may think they mean well, they are just upselling you and trying to make more money.

Time is money- We have all heard that saying before and it could not be any truer in this situation- Often, people will spend days or weeks shopping for a car trying to get the best deal possible. While shopping for a deal is one thing, do not shop for a deal to the point where you are missing social events or giving up family time just to do so.

You may think that a visual inspection and test driving the car are enough to determine if it is in good condition- If you are mechanically inclined, then it could very well be enough, but if you are not, you want to have a mechanic look at the car- Your mechanic will be able to tell you what, if anything, is wrong with it and what it would cost you to repair.

The true cost of ownership of a vehicle will provide you with some serious insight and many consumers never even think to check- Edmunds has a fantastic tool that can show you an estimate of what it would cost to own a car for five years.


Arguably one of the worst mistakes you could make when purchasing a used car is choosing a car that does not meet your needs- It happens, especially when you are caught up in the excitement of purchasing your car, but, take time to evaluate your needs- Only choose a used car that can keep up with your lifestyle, work demands, family needs, and similar.

While it can be fun to buy a used car and it is exciting to shop around, you do not want to rush to a decision. This can lead to buyer's remorse, choosing a vehicle that does not meet your needs, and going over your budget- Before you decide to buy the car, take some time to think about it and never feel pressured to sign any type of documents that a salesman may present you with.

Okay, wait, wait, wait- We have all been told that trading in our old car is a good idea because it not only helps take money off the cost of the car, but it looks good to financing companies.

	
The Honda Accord boasts a nice engine and transmission that allow you to ride comfortably down the road  
	Honda is a well-known brand and many consumers consider it one of the most reliable too  
	With that said, a Honda Accord can easily rake in 200,000 miles or more without any major mechanical issues under the hood-
	No matter the year of the used Honda Accord you are eyeing, you will be in good hands.

    
There is a reason you see Toyota Sienna vans all over the road these days and that is because they are a top contender when it comes to reliable family vans
 While the Toyota Sienna is not one of the most updated vans when it comes to interior and features, it drives nice, is quiet, and can easily top over 200,000 miles without thousands of dollars in repairs being needed.


The Toyota Camry is a well-known make and model and has been a consumer favorite for many years Each Camry is constructed with the consumer in mind and provides not only a roomy cabin but a wonderful fuel economy too
	>> It comes as no surprise that the Camry can easily put 200,000 miles on it without the replacement of a transmission or engine in the process
	>> With many newer versions of the Camry boasting excellent features, consumers continue to rate this as one of the top choices for sedans

When you think work truck or reliable truck, a Ford F-150 likely comes to mind- This is because the F-150 has built a name for itself and the brand sports the phrase, "Built Ford Tough," which has never rung truer- This truck can take you EXACTLY where you want to go and the toughened V6 and V8 engines will easily provide you with 200,000 or more miles to enjoy.

The Honda Civic continues to top lists of the most popular cars on the market and since Honda is known for its reliability and durability, it is no surprise that this little sporty vehicle can go 200,000 miles or more without any mechanical issues that sideline it.

The Toyota Prius took the automotive world by storm by offering some of the best fuel economy to consumers- The car was manufactured with technology and simplicity in mind- Each Prius can drive on the road using only electricity up to about 25 miles per hour, which helps reduce the cost of ownership too. This little car is roomy and fits right into the 200,000-mile club.

Audi A1,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $30900. Audi A3,Convertible  costs around $57487. Audi A4,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $60900. Well A Audi RS Q3,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $99285.
Audi S3,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $71782. Audi S3,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $73997. Audi S3,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $84171
Audi S4,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $113644. Audi S4,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $116861.
Audi SQ5,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $115032.

Volkswagen Amarok,ute  has a price or cost starting from $41990. Volkswagen Amarok,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $44499
Volkswagen Arteon,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $68990. Volkswagen Caddy,Van  has a price or cost starting from $25490
Honda Accord  SUV has a price or cost starting from $24465  For decades the Accord has been one of America’s best family,Sedans.
Volkswagen Multivan,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $52990

Volkswagen Transporter,Light Truck  has a price or cost starting from $53527
Volkswagen Transporter,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $56388
Honda Clarity,SUV has a price or cost starting from $34295  For decades the Accord has been one of America’s best family sedans.
Honda CR-V  SUV has a price or cost starting from $25245  Versatility competency and reliability are the tenets on which the CR-V
Fit  SUV has a price or cost starting from $17085  An amazingly flexible interior an efficient powertrain and agreeable pricing
HR-V,SUV has a price or cost starting from $20665  The HR-V has an attractive design but look beyond the surface and you’ll find it lacking.
Insight,SUV has a price or cost starting from $23725  Wearing familiar Honda styling on a Civic-shaped body the Insight boasts a hybridized powertrain to distinguish itself on the showroom floor.
Odyssey,SUV has a price or cost starting from $31895  Quiet comfortable flexible and packed with tons of modern technology the Honda Odyssey has a formidable family-friendly legacy.
Ridgeline  SUV has a price or cost starting from $30725  If a stylish useful and trouble-free ride is what you’re after well—ladies and gentlemen this is your Pilot speaking.
Jeep Cherokee  SUV has a price or cost starting from $24195. Jeep Compass  SUV has a price or cost starting from $21595
Jeep Grand Cherokee  SUV has a price or cost starting from $31695.Jeep New Compass  SUV has a price or cost starting from $20995

BMW M2,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $104410. BMW M3,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $143389, Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $155976 and Convertible starts from $179677
BMW M5,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $250377. BMW X1,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $53589. BMW X2,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $58124
BMW X3,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $75683, BMW X4,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $88674. BMW X5,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $104994, BMW X6,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $140162
Ford EcoSport,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $27230
Ford Escape,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $29990. Ford Everest,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $82789
Ford Fiesta,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $19430. Ford Focus,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $24490

Ford Transit,Van  has a price or cost starting from $55211. Ford Transit Custom,Van  has a price or cost starting from $46527
Holden Astra,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $18990. Holden Astra,Hatchback  has a price or cost starting from $19990
Holden Astra Sport  Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $26990. Holden Barina,Hatchback  has a price or cost starting from $14990

Hyundai Kona,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $25990. Hyundai Santa Fe,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $47911
Hyundai Sonata,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $34877. Hyundai Tucson,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $27990
Kia Carnival,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $47427. Kia Cerato,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $19990
Kia Cerato,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $19990. Kia Optima,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $38012
Kia Picanto,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $14590. Mazda CX-5,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $31490
Mazda CX-8,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $47358. Mazda CX-9,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $45990. Mazda MX-5,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $34990

Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $32990. Mitsubishi Lancer,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $20990. Mitsubishi Lancer,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $24990.
Mitsubishi Mirage,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $13990. Mitsubishi Outlander,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $28990.
Mitsubishi Pajero,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $49990.

Mitsubishi Pajero Sport,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $44990. Mitsubishi Triton,ute  has a price or cost starting from $32990.
Audi A1,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $30900. A 2018 Audi A3,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $42702, Audi A3,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $49012. A 2018 Audi A3,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $57487.
Audi A5,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $94924. A 2018 Audi A6,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $96926, Audi A6,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $131927. Audi Q2,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $48901. A 2018 Audi Q3,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $50735. Audi Q5,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $74009. Audi Q7,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $113967

Subaru BRZ,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $37190. Subaru Forester,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $37517
Subaru Impreza,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $24990. Subaru Impreza,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $25190. Subaru Levorg,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $40226.Subaru Liberty,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $34146
Subaru Outback,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $40389. Subaru WRX,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $43787. Subaru XV,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $31790. Volkswagen Amarok,ute  has a price or cost starting from $41990. Volkswagen Amarok,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $44499

Volkswagen Multivan,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $52990. Volkswagen Passat,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $35990. Volkswagen Passat,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $37990

Volkswagen Transporter,Light Truck  has a price or cost starting from $53527. Volkswagen Transporter,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $56388
Accord  SUV has a price or cost starting from $24465  For decades the Accord has been one of America’s best family Sedans. Civic  SUV has a price or cost starting from $19835  The Civic exemplifies automotive excellence and mixes fun with efficiency and practicality.
If you want a reliable car that will allow you to travel everywhere you want to go, check out these 6 cars that can help you achieve that
    Honda Accord
	Toyota Sienna
	Toyota Camry
	Ford F-150
	Honda Civic
	Toyota Prius

A vehicle history report is a type of report that should be generated for any used car that you are considering purchasing
	This type of report is your window to the car and it tells you what, if anything, is or was wrong with the car.
Volkswagen Passat,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $57986. Volkswagen Polo,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $17990
There are two main providers of vehicle history reports, which include AutoCheck and CARFAX
 All vehicle history reports are tied to an individual car's VIN number and the data is collected over the course of the car's lifetime.

For example, if you take your car in to have an oil change performed on it, the dealership or shop that you take it to will log that you had an oil change performed, the number of miles on the car at that time, and any other issues that were detected or corrected.

Audi Q2,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $48901. Audi Q3,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $50735. Audi Q5,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $74009
Audi Q7,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $113967
The vehicle history report is a snapshot of the life of your car or the car that you want to purchase. While the report does show you repairs and maintenance that has been done to the car, the report cannot tell you if the car is mechanically sound, so you will still need to have the used car inspected by a mechanic.

Below, we will provide you with a quick look at what is contained on the vehicle history report
    Number of previous owners
    How the vehicle was used in the past
    Whether it is a salvage title or rebuilt salvage title
    Any odometer rollbacks
    Accidents, type, where the damage occurred, the severity
    Recall information
    Maintenance records


The cost for a single vehicle history report through AutoCheck is $24.99- If you plan to check multiple used cars through their website, they offer a 25-report pack that is valid for 21 days and is $49.99.

The cost for a single vehicle history report through CARFAX is $39.99- If you plan to check multiple used cars, you do have two other options. CARFAX sells a 3-pack of reports for $59.99 and a 6-pack of reports for $99.99.

While you can purchase a vehicle history report for your own records, many dealerships, car lots, and private sellers will provide you with a FREE vehicle history report that they already paid for. Therefore, you do not have to spend your money to run one.

Often, consumers wonder if they are just wasting their money when they purchase a vehicle history report. It is up to you in the end. While the vehicle history report is a good indicator of the car's condition, it is not definitive, and errors can occur on the report or information may be missing.

For example, if a used car is taken to a dealership for repairs, but the VIN is not logged as having the repairs, the repairs would not show up on the vehicle history report.

In general, most consumers trust the report and would/do purchase them to give them a better idea about the used car for sale nearby.

The term VIN, which is a unique number assigned to a vehicle and is known as the vehicle's identification number- It is always a 17-digit number and is located on the driver's side of the car as you look in the windshield near the dashboard.

If you cannot find the VIN on the dashboard, there are several other places it can be located. Check for the VIN at these
    On the engine
    On the door frame
    On the firewall of the car
    On the steering wheel or the column
    In the left side's inner wheel arch
    On the radiator's support bracket.

Your VIN holds information about your car such as the vehicle's history, which we talked about above- In addition to repairs and maintenance, the VIN can also tell you whether a car has been damaged in an accident, fire, or flood and if it has ever been stolen or recovered.

While a vehicle history report is the best indicator to the condition of the car based on its past, the VIN number can help you better understand if the car was ever stolen, was a total loss, been in an accident, and similar.

A VIN check is offered for FREE from the National Insurance Crime Bureau, so you do not have to pay for the check- However, you are only allowed a total of 5 VIN checks within a 24-hour period.


When you purchase a used car from a private party, it is not going to come with a warranty and you are purchasing the car as is and based on the seller's representation of the vehicle.

Now, when you purchase a used vehicle from a dealership, there is the possibility that you may receive a warranty with the car- While it may be not be common, it is not uncommon or unheard of either.

Main types of warranties that come with a used car for sale at the dealership:
	As-Is – No Dealer Warranty
	Implied Warranty
	Full and Limited Warranties
	Extended Warranties
	

When purchasing a used car, you will likely see a sign that says it is sold as-is; This is common practice and as mentioned above, most do not come with any type of warranty. If a vehicle is going to be sold as-is, the dealership must disclose this to you
While the salesman may not say anything to you about it, there will be a box checked on the window sticker that reads, "As Is – No Dealer Warranty"


An implied warranty is basically your small ticket to some protection should something happen to your car-
 Most states have laws that require dealers to sell cars that meet a quality standard-- This reasonable standard is an implied warranty and does not have to be written down or even spoken about.

Sometimes, dealerships do offer warranties with used cars and these are referred to as full or limited warranties- These will often cover all the car or some of the major components of the car.
Volkswagen Passat,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $57986. Volkswagen Polo,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $17990.
It is important to pay attention to any full or limited warranty you are offered as they often come with terms and conditions that must be met- For example, the terms may be that you must have all oil changes done within the specified time frame and if you don't, then your warranty is voided.

Volkswagen Passat,Sedan  has a price or cost starting from $35990. Volkswagen Passat,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $37990

Extended warranties are those that extend beyond the initial warranty period. For example, if your used car came with a limited warranty, the extended warranty kicks in once the limited one is up.
Volkswagen Tiguan,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $36792. Volkswagen Touareg,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $77752. Volkswagen Transporter,Van  has a price or cost starting from $34990

When purchasing an extended warranty, you will find that there are many different types available from bumper-to-bumper to up to 200,000 miles and an array of other combinations.
Additional Warranties

There are several other additional warranties that you can purchase and while they are deemed warranties, they are not the same in the sense of they cover the engine or transmission if there is a problem.

A service contract is often referred to as an extended warranty from the dealership, but it is not a warranty- A service contract is a type of contract between you and the dealerships that states the dealership or approved third-party repair shop will help you fix or maintain your used car for a specified number of months.

These contracts do not come with the vehicle and are not free either- They will cost you extra money and are either due at the time of purchase or they are tacked onto the car loan that is financed through the bank or dealer.

Sometimes, service contracts cover what is included in a warranty and sometimes they do not- You must weigh your options to determine if the service contract is worth it to you.

As you look at the service contract, keep in mind that you do NOT have to buy it. If you feel it is too expensive or not worth it, you can pass it up- Do make sure that the lender who finances your loan does not require a service contract and do not allow the salesman to push you into purchasing one if you do not need it- Look over your contract carefully before you sign it as some salesmen will sneak the service contract in there.


There are companies and individuals out there who will try to scam you and tell you that you are guaranteed warranty coverage for your used car when you are not-
	Often, consumers receive mail and phone calls about extended warranty coverage on the vehicle and the companies that call or send you mail are wanting to sell you a plan.
Calls from companies about service contracts usually include high-pressure sales and you may feel obligated to purchase one- Remember that it is not required by your loan provider and you can get a service contract through the dealership, should you choose this route.

One of the tactics that these companies like to use is to tell you that your used car's warranty is almost out of date or about to expire- Take a moment to check your records and paperwork because it is likely that it is nowhere near the expiration date.

Another quick scam is fast-talking telemarketers- This scam works by talking so quickly that you only hear bits and pieces of information. As you put together that information, the service contract sounds good but, it is nothing more than a waste of your money.

NEVER give out any personal information about you or your financials to anyone on the phone or through the mail
 The dealership and vehicle manufacturer will never contact you via the phone to inquire about your personal or financial information.
Conclusion


Mercedes is a well-known luxury brand that caters to individuals who love innovation, modern technology, and comfort-
 Since its inception, Mercedes has had a mission to move the world and they have done exactly that. The 2016 Mercedes G63 AMG is a wonderful SUV that is loved by consumers and has scored an overall 7.5 out of 10 based on its performance, reliability, and overall quality for the SUV.
 
The used 2016 Mercedes G63 AMG has been ranked number three as one of the best 2016 large luxury SUV- The number three spot was tied with the Cadillac Escalade and the Lexus LX.

Power is only the start of what is under the hood of this vehicle- The 2016 Mercedes G63 AMG comes with a powerful twin turbocharged 5.5-liter V8 engine that is ready to carry you down the road as quickly as you want to go-
 The engine lets out a whopping 563 horsepower, which is an improvement from the previous model which only churned out 544 horsepower-
 In addition to the horsepower, the G63 explodes with 560-lb. ft. of torque.


The cost to purchase a used 2016 Mercedes G63 AMG can range anywhere from $89,000 up to $163,000 with the average cost of the vehicle somewhere between $90,000 and $118,000- According to Edmunds, the true cost to own a G63 for 5 years drive at 15,000 miles per year, is $107,297.

Unfortunately, the depreciation value of the Mercedes  G63 is high and equivocates to about $42,000 over that five-year period.

Below, you will find a small breakdown that shows you some of the cost associations with a used 2016 G63 AMG for five years:
    Fuel Costs: $19,606
    Maintenance Services: $9,628
    Repairs: $6,524

The fuel economy for the Mercedes G63 AMG is 12 miles per gallon in the city and 14 miles per gallon on the highway.

A 2016 used Mercedes G63 AMG is the perfect choice for anyone who wants a powerhouse of a large SUV underneath them-
 The G63 comes with a nice look that is distinct and allows you to stand out from others on the road-
 In addition, the G63 packs a punch when it comes to off-road capabilities and you can take on the black top, gravel, or muddy terrain without a problem.

The interior and exterior of the mercedes G63 are uniquely styled to provide that luxury look that consumers like to boast about. Some of the most notable included features include a heated windshield, 8.1 inches of ground clearance, and a complete multimedia system.

If you are thinking about a used 2016 Mercedes G63 AMG, it is a wonderful luxury SUV that can provide you with many years of enjoyment and comfort.

Jeep Grand Cherokee is the midsize SUV produced by the Jeep brand, operating under the Fiat Chrysler Automobiles corporation-
 Jeep launched the first generation of the Grand Cherokee in 1992 as a 1993 year model-
 At the time it was classed as a luxury SUV.

The latest fourth generation of the Grand Cherokee has been on sale since 2010 as a 2011 model. In true Jeep fashion, the Grand Cherokee is a great off-roader-
 It seats five in comfort and Jeep has used top-class materials inside the cabin to make the stay a pleasant experience-
 In addition to comfortable seats, the Grand Cherokee offers plenty of standard equipment. This includes dual-zone automatic climate control, Bluetooth, Jeep's Uconnect infotainment system with a 5-inch touchscreen.

You could bump the screen size to 8.4 inches if you go through the available options- These include satellite radio and navigation-
 If you want to keep your passengers happy on a long trip, you could opt for a dual-screen DVD/Blu-ray entertainment system in the rear-
 The sound can be blasted out of the Alpine nine-speaker audio system or a 19-speaker Harman Kardon audio system.
Nissan 370Z,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $54898. Nissan 370Z,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $68289
The Grand Cherokee is powered by a range of engines putting out from 240 horsepower to 475 with the fuel consumption figures ranging from 13 mpg in the city to 26 on the highway across the range.
Audi TT,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $90526. Audi TT,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $97494

If you Want a nice car, Nissan GT-R Coupe is a nice car and  has a price or cost starting from $206557

Nissan Navara,ute  is a very good pick up and has a price or cost starting from $38752. Nissan Pathfinder,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $47696
Nissan Patrol,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $80972. Nissan QASHQAI,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $26990. Nissan X-Trail,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $28990

The base engine is a 3.6-liter V6 with the the 5.7-liter V8 available- Jeep also offers the turbocharged 3.0-liter diesel V6 that boasts better fuel economy and is packed with torque-
 The Grand Cherokee comes in several trims and for 2017 Jeep introduced the off-road beast, the Trailhawk- You can play with the engines but this is one capable off-roader with plenty of standard equipment- And it provides a comfortable ride on the road as well.
 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has given the four-wheel drive Grand Cherokee 5 stars out of five while the rear-wheel drive loses one star-
 The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has given it a range of grades. In four segments it received the highest rating of Good-
 However, in small overlap front crashworthiness testing on the driver's side, it received a Marginal rating and Poor for the passenger's side- Child seat anchors, as well as headlights, have received lower ratings.


The fourth generation Grand Cherokee has been on sale since 2010 for the 2011 model- There have been no drastic design changes over the years- 
This means that regarding the appearance, you can look at the previous models without any major differences-
 However, the standard equipment has changed.

Jeep has already unveiled the 2019 model, which will have an MSRP range of $33,245 to $86,350, according to Edmunds-
 The current model has an MSRP range of $30,895 to $86,200. There are a couple of changes from the 2017 model. These are the 7-inch entertainment touch screen and the addition of the high-powered Trailhawk model.

Based on the U.S. News data, the 2017 prices range from $25,000 to $43,000, which means there is a potential for savings for a jeep Cherokee-
  CarGurus listings show that a 2017 Grand Cherokee in Laredo trim starts at $20,000 while you would have to pay $59,000 for the four-wheel drive SRT model, which tops the range.

If you are not into technological gimmicks but would like a Grand Cherokee for its comfortable ride and off-road capability, a 2016 model is also an option to consider-
 And this is as far back as you should go for the fourth generation model- The 2016 model received more powerful engines with better fuel efficiency as well as a new shifter.

Pricing, according to CarGurus, for the 2016 model starts at $17,000 and top out at $53,000- The price depends on the trim, mileage and the overall condition of the car.

However, if you are open to other SUVs in the same class, there are 2018 models you can find for a price of a decent 2017 or even 2016 Grand Cherokee-
 The car is rather pricey compared to the competition.
 
The BMW 7-Series has always been BMW's flagship model- The model Mercedes uses to introduce its innovations, technology, and designs that it then applies to other models.
The first BMW 7-Series was launched in 1977 and is classed as a full-size luxury sedan coming in two options: the limousine and the long wheelbase model- The latest generation has been going strong without any changes since it went into production in 2015.

The latest BMW 7 series model was first produced in 2015, marketed as the 2016 year model- The German carmaker decided to sell only the long wheelbase model to the United States
 This model gives you plenty of legroom in any position, perfect for those who like to drive around in luxury
 The first models introduced in the US had a power output of 320 HP in the 3-liter six-cylinder engine. And up to 445 HP in the larger 750i V8 engine that was carried over from the 2015 model.

Volkswagen Arteon,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $68990
Volkswagen Caddy,Van  has a price or cost starting from $25490
Volkswagen Caddy,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $38601
Volkswagen Caravelle,People Mover  has a price or cost starting from $51990
Besides luxury, the driver of a new BMW 7 can also enjoy responsive handling- As it is the case with all the luxury sedans, they include a wide array of technological features
 Over the last couple of years, BMW introduced new engine options adding the top of the line M760i
 These improvements include a V12 engine and its xDrive (all-wheel-drive system) churning out 601 horsepower
 Prices for the 2018-year model range from $83,100 to $156,700, according to Edmunds.


The car falls just behind the Mercedes S-Class, seen by many as an institution in its own right. The Mercedes flagships usher new technology into the automotive world in general. U.S. News puts the 7-Series second only to the S-Class, in front of Porsche's Panamera in its Super Luxury Cars list. The downside of the 7-Series is the fact that its standard safety features list isn't as long as its competitors.
Nissan 370Z,Convertible  has a price or cost starting from $68289. Nissan GT-R,Coupe  has a price or cost starting from $206557

As previously noted, the latest 7-Series model has been in production since 2015 without much change to its design
 This means that, with the two engine options available for the 2016-year model, you could essentially save a significant amount of cash buying the used model.

CarGurus listings show that at the lower end, the 2016 7-Series would cost you around $24,000 with the prices reaching $83,000 on the top end-
 The price will certainly depend on the selected options, mileage, and the overall car condition-
 But regarding equipment, you would not be giving up on much-
 The standard kit in the 7-Series includes Bluetooth, two USB ports, satellite radio and a 16-speaker Harman Kardon audio system. Not to mention the navigation and BMW's iDrive infotainment system and plenty more.

If you find a brand new 7-Series you like, take a look at a 2016 model with the same options-  You could save some significant cash
 With the German build, it is not like you run the risk of the engine failing.
 
Regarding failures and complaints, there isn't much to note for the 7-Series, especially with the later model years- If you do want to drive a 7-Series but can afford only an older model, Car Complaints notes that the 2006 model has the most complaints-
 High repair costs the 2012 model has been highlighted as the model to avoid.

In conclusion, It is hard to dismiss the BMW 7-Series when we are talking about the luxury sedan class. While the Mercedes S-Class is in a world of its own, and Audi has only recently redesigned its flagship A8, the BMW holds its ground-
 With powerful engines and a comfortable ride, and a trunk that is the largest in its class, this car offers pretty much everything one would need-
 The 2016 model is an option for those who want to save and still ride in comfort, without giving up on any of the luxuries.
 
If you're looking at buying a used vehicle, you obviously want to save as much money as possible-
 Consequently, you need to be looking for auctions
 Auto auctions are almost always the cheapest place to buy vehicles-
 
Most auctions operate a "what you see is what you get" policy. What this means is that nothing is guaranteed
 There is always a risk, buying a car at auction, which is why the prices are so low-
 If you can get hold of the VIN, you can use your phone to do a vehicle history search.
Volkswagen Crafter,Van  has a price or cost starting from $47490. Volkswagen Crafter,Cab Chassis  has a price or cost starting from $58048
Volkswagen Golf,Hatch  has a price or cost starting from $28456. Volkswagen Golf,Wagon  has a price or cost starting from $33934. Volkswagen Golf,SUV  has a price or cost starting from $35990
If bidding on a vehicle with a salvage title, you need to be even more aware-  But that is a whole other topic, which you can read more about here.


